Let's set a test for our GetMovie endpoint.
We will create a method name, GetMovieReturnsExpectedMovieName.
We add a userId constant and set this to 3.
We will also add another constant to store a movieName.
We don't currently accept the movieName parameter
into our AddMovieRankData method, so let's add that now.
We will also add an optional parameter of test‑MovieName.
This is so we don't have to pass in a movieName for the tests that
don't need to specify a specific movie name.
We will call off to our AddMovieRankData method and
pass in the userId and movieName.
We will use the GetAsync method and pass in the route to our
GetMovie endpoint, movies/, and our movieName.
We add a local variable to store our movie response,
and we'll use the same code that we have in our other test to read the
content, then deserialize the response into a MovieResponse contract. We will
assert that the movieName we are passing into the AddMovieRankData method is
the name we get back when calling our GetMovie endpoint. And let's run all of our tests to make sure they pass.